Another calculation that we can perform on pivot tables is the percentage of column tool.
So we're able to calculate the percentage of each value from its column total.
And to do that,
we're gonna insert our fuel that we need to apply the calculation.
Stewart,
In our case here,
it's the sales amount,
and then we're going to click on it,
go to value fuel settings and then go to show values as and then here,
we're going to select percentage of column total,
and then I'm gonna rename it to percentage of column tool as well.
And then I'm gonna press okay,
here and now we have a calculation that calculates the percentage of each value from its
column total.
So,
for example,
here 17.47 percent is the percentage of 737,378 from this total here,
which is four million,
221,579.
And if we sum up the percentages of our sub totals,
so we sum up 17.47 percent plus 21.9 plus 61.45 here if we sum them up.
We get a submission of 100% and basically their 100% is this value here,
which is the total for the whole column.
And if we sum up all these individual values here and exclude the sub totals,
we're going to get 100% as well.
And this is because each of these values,
the percentage beside it,
is the percentage from the column total basically.
Okay,
so this is how you can perform a percentage of column total calculation in pivot tables.